Alright in this video what we are going to do is we're going to start implementing the pet clinic model and
this is a data model. So you can see here
issue number two here. I have implemented pet clinic pojo model. So POJO is a plain old Java object.
And what we're going to be doing in the course as we progress here is we're going to take the
POJOs and eventually we're going to get them to be entities that will store in the database. But for right
now we're just going to create them as plain old Java objects.
And the issue with tracker in GitHub is a little bit limited.
You can't mark things in process but I just checked this here.
What I can do is I can assign that to myself and this will help indicate to others if they're working
on a project that this is in process that I'm actually working on this.
If you're using a tracker like Jira, you can actually bring things in process so you can see who's working
out what. Jira is a much more robust issue tracker.
Actually I'm thinking about a whole course on Jira because it is a wonderful tool. But that's a sidetrack.
What we're going to do right now is we're going to take a look at implementing the pet clinic.
We're going to start the model. We're not going to flush everything outright now but let's take a look
at what this Spring Pet Clinic has done.
And we have a base entity called person. We're not going to get into the base entity. This has to do with
the persistence but we do want to create a person with first name and last name so let's go ahead and
do that.
And we do have inheritance happening here.
So we have a person in the pet clinic. That is extended to the vet and also the owner.
So we're gonna go ahead and implement that in our project right now.
I'm going to toggle over to IntelliJ.
Bring up IntelliJ and we can see that I have the project here. We see that we have the pet clinic
and I'm going to go in and create a new package. Spell model right.
Now in that, let's go ahead and implement a Java class and create a class called Person.
And I am going to add that to Git.
So we had two properties there our first name and last name. I got a typo there. So now I've got my POJO for person
first name last name and what I can do in IntelliJ is I can do a command N. Command if you're using
Mac OS X and then I can come down and say generate getter and setter and IntelliJ will self generate
those for us.
So there's my person class. I'm going to see here that we have that and now let's go ahead and implement the
vet.
So we're gonna go ahead and extend the person.
I'm not going to add additional properties of that right now. And then we can also say owner.
That also extends Person. And now let's go ahead and implement the pet.
Let's take a look at how they implement the actual pet here.
So the pet has a birthday, pet type, and owner.
So let's go ahead and implement those properties.
I'm not gonna get into visits right now. I'll add those in the future video. So pet.
So you can see here that I'm implementing pet type and I just did an option enter there in IntelliJ and
I can say create class pet type which is exactly what I want to do.
And IntelliJ is asking me where I want to create that so I do want to create that on the model.
So we can see that that generate that.
So that pet type owner and also birthdate.
I'm going to do a command N and I want to generate getters and setters for that. So now we have a basic
POJO there that allows that.
And let's take a quick look at what we have here so we have pet type owner.
Let's take a quick look at pet type and that extends and named entity.
I'm not going to expand on that right now. Actually
I'll get the pet type a name.
Command N getter and setter.
This is our basic model. Toggle back over here.
You can see here we have a lot of annotations and these annotations are involving JPA mappings.
I'm not going to get into those right now. We will see that coming up in the course. I'm just establishing
the basic model. So this gives us her our basic model. So again we have a person. The person is
the base class.
So first name last name owner and that extend person and then we have a pet that has a property of owner
and it also has a pet type to name the type of the pet and like is this amount dynamic capabilities there.
So this is giving us a very basic model. Right now I'm just going to establish the POJO model.
This gives us something to work with coming up in the course. As we progress we are going to enhance
these classes to be entities that will persist to the database.
But for right now we're just going to hold those on as POJOs.
So I'm going to go ahead and commit this.
Adding POJOs.
These are just the initial add. What I can do with GitHub is I can say closes
Number two. I'm going to go ahead and before I do that one thing I prefer is to optimize imports and
turn off the code analysis and to dos that runs a little bit faster for me.
Some people like to put to do comments in their code to remind them to do stuff. That is a habit
that I'll do a part see me do that.
Coming up in this.
But for right now I'm going to say close is number two and I'm going to do a commit and push. This is going
to push it up to GitHub.
So here's the push action. I'm going to add in the POJOs and we can see down at the bottom I got a
little spinning spinning bar. It pushes successful.
Now let's come on over here and you can see that it's here.
That should be closed now.
You can see that number two dropped off like that because in the commit comment I said closes number
two. We can see that the commit happened because I reference that and in GitHub we can see that the
classes that I actually had.
So this gives us a change log of what happened and this is why we are using issues here because we can
see that I said implement the pet clinic POJO model.
And now I have a git commit ID that is related to the source code of what we actually changed here.
So that completes this task and I will have more coming up as we develop our Spring Framework Guru Pet
Clinic.